= Site Values
:toc: left

Here are Site's values.

[[vision]]
== Vision

Site is a long-term project with a vision to become a standards-based general
back-end resource-server that you can rely on.

It has taken many years for us to design Site, and we expect the project to be a
work-in-progress for some years to come. However, are striving hard to ensure
early releases are useful and can be deployed into production.

== Autonomy

Site is designed to give you autonomy.

It is highly configurable and you can choose which aspects of Site you wish to
deploy and use.

Site asks you to 'bring your own domain', which means that it isn't designed for
one specific use-case or industry.

Site is able to work well inside a cloud environment of your choice, or you can
host it yourself.

Site encourages you to build your own solutions, or adopt solutions that have
been built on Site. It's not batteries-included, but batteries are easy to find
and install.

Where Site does make decisions, it's almost always to conform to some common
standard.

== Leverage

Site gives you leverage.

You can re-use and re-configure solutions for new problems.

Because it's built on standards, Site is a good citizen in a healthy web
ecosystem of endless possibilities.

[[understanding]]
== Understanding

By using and working with Site, you will gain a deeper understanding of not just
how Site works, but of web standards, how web technologies work together.

Since Site is built on common internet and web standards, the understanding you
gain will be generally valuable, over a long period of time and transferable to
other web technologies.

Every component of Site is 100% open-source, even down to its database. Each
component is designed to be understood in isolation.

We have heard that Site is used in educational establishments to teach web
technologies to undergraduates.

== Excellence

Site aims to reach the highest standards of comformance, interoperability,
performance and security.

== Simplicity

Site can be decomposed into a rich hierarchy of loosely-coupled components and sub-components
which work together harmoniously.

It is built in Clojure, a language that helps avoid many pitfalls when building
large systems and keeps the code-base healthy, agile and free from getting
'knotted up'.

Site is designed to be https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SxdOUGdseq4[simple,
rather than easy]. If Site is too difficult, then that is resolvable by spending
more time learning Site, trying things out and maybe getting help from experts
in JUXT and the wider community. That said, we do strive to make things as easy
as possible and 'developer experience' is important.

But if Site is too complex, that is a much harder problem to fix!

Much of the simplicity of Site comes from its emphasis on using _data_ to define
web resources and security policies, rather than _code_.
